TELCODOCS-28: New status items, drainProgress and elapsedTime, added (#46914)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/eco-resuming-node-maintenance-cr-cli.adoc

----
nodemaintenance.nodemaintenance.medik8s.io "maintenance-example" deleted
----

.Verification

> . Check the progress of the maintenance task by running the following command, replacing `<node-name>` with the name of your node; for example, `node-1.example.com`:
> +
> [source,terminal]
> ----
> $ oc describe node node-1.example.com
> ----
> +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Check the progress of the maintenance task by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc describe node <node-name>
----
+
where `<node-name>` is the name of your node.
```

Author: Thanks @jeana-redhat , updated as suggested

> . Check the example output

Author: Thanks John, I've included this feedback.

+
[source,terminal]
----
Events:
  Type     Reason                  Age                   From     Message
  ----     ------                  ----                  ----     -------

>   Normal   NodeSchedulable         2m                    kubelet  Node node-1.example.com status is now: NodeSchedulable

Author: Ok, thanks
